Add Term Entry: JavaScript Objects .getOwnPropertyDescriptor() (#4037)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/objects/terms/getOwnPropertyDescriptor/getOwnPropertyDescriptor.md

---
Title: 'Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()' 

> Description: 'This is an object that enables access to full information on a property.' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Enables access to full information of a property.' 
```

Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'  
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Methods'  
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()` method is a built-in object that enables access to full information on a property and  returns a property descriptor of the given property if it exists on the object, otherwise `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`** method is a built-in object that enables access to full information about a property and returns a property descriptor of the given property if it exists on the object, otherwise it returns `undefined`.
```
Remember that it only focuses on own properties directly defined on the object itself. This means it doesn't access inherited properties from the object's prototype chain. Try to add this description of the method in the content (Don't copy this line directly, write it in your own words that fits in the current sentence).

## Syntax

> Here's the basic syntax of `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`:

Reviewer: Please give a line space before and after a code block.

Author: On it

> Here's the basic syntax of `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`:

Reviewer: Give a line space before and after a code block.

```JavaScript
Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(obj, prop)

> ```

Reviewer: The syntax should be in a ` ```pseudo ` block.

> - obj: The object where to look for the property.
> - prop: The name or Symbol of the property whose description is to be retrieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `obj`: The object where to look for the property.
- `prop`: The name or Symbol of the property whose description is to be retrieved.
```
The second sentence contains plagiarism, please change it.

> ## Example

Reviewer: Add a one-line space before and after a subheading and write a line describing the code example too.

---

> Title: 'Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()' 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Title: '.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()' 
```

Description: 'Enables access to full information of a property.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'  
Tags: 
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Methods'  
CatalogContent: 
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`** method is a built-in object that enables access to full information about a property and returns a property descriptor of the given property if it exists on the object, otherwise, it returns `undefined`. It only works on its properties directly defined by the object itself, meaning it does not have access to inherited properties from the object's prototype chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`** method is a built-in object that enables access to full information about a property and returns a property descriptor of the given property if it exists on the object, otherwise, it returns **undefined**. It only works on its properties directly defined by the object itself, meaning it does not have access to inherited properties from the object's prototype chain.
```

## Syntax

Here's the basic syntax of `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`:

```pseudo
Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(obj, prop)
```

- `obj`: The object where to look for the property.

> - `prop`: The name or Symbol of the property whose description is to be retrieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `prop`: The name or symbol of the property whose description is to be retrieved.
```

Description: 'Enables access to full information of a property.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'  
Tags: 
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Methods'  
CatalogContent: 
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`** method is a built-in object that enables access to full information about a property and returns a property descriptor of the given property if it exists on the object, otherwise, it returns `undefined`. It only works on its properties directly defined by the object itself, meaning it does not have access to inherited properties from the object's prototype chain.

## Syntax

Here's the basic syntax of `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`:

```pseudo
Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(obj, prop)
```

- `obj`: The object where to look for the property.
- `prop`: The name or Symbol of the property whose description is to be retrieved.

## Example

The example below shows how `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()` works:

```JavaScript
const person = {
  name: "Jane",
  age: 21
};
const descriptor = Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(person, 'name');
console.log(descriptor)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
